README.md, before:

# AnyTextFilter Visual Studio Extension

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2s5llj82xo2p83c9?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lpubsppop01/anytextfiltervsix-2772p)

This Visual Studio Extension provides external text filter commands for target ranges,
that passes target text to an arbitrary external program and replace the text by the output of the external program.

## Features
* Settings by "AnyTextFilter Settings..." in Tools menu.
* Registered filter commands will show following the Settings command.
* Some samples are available on filter registration: sed, AWK, Cygwin bash, Mono C# Script and so on

## Download
[AnyTextFilterVSIX Latest Build - AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/lpubsppop01/anytextfiltervsix-2772p/artifacts/AnyTextFilterVSIX%2Fbin%2FRelease%2Flpubsppop01.AnyTextFilterVSIX.vsix)

## Requirements
- Visual Studio 2013-2017 to install and use
- Visual Studio 2017 to build

## Author
[lpubsppop01](https://github.com/lpubsppop01)

## License
[MIT License](https://github.com/lpubsppop01/AnyTextFilterVSIX/raw/master/LICENSE.txt)

This software uses the following Nuget packages:
* [Diff.Match.Patch 2.0.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Diff.Match.Patch/)  
  Copyright (c) 2016- pocketberserker  
  Released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/pocketberserker/Diff.Match.Patch/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [FSharp.Core 4.0.0.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Core/)  
  (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  
  Released under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Markdig 0.10.7](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Markdig/)  
  Copyright (c) 2016, Alexandre Mutel  
  Released under the [BSD-Clause 2 license](https://github.com/lunet-io/markdig/blob/master/license.txt)

Commit message:

Set icon images to previous/next button

README.md, after:

# AnyTextFilter Visual Studio Extension

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2s5llj82xo2p83c9?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lpubsppop01/anytextfiltervsix-2772p)

This Visual Studio Extension provides external text filter commands for target ranges,
that passes target text to an arbitrary external program and replace the text by the output of the external program.

## Features
* Settings by "AnyTextFilter Settings..." in Tools menu.
* Registered filter commands will show following the Settings command.
* Some samples are available on filter registration: sed, AWK, Cygwin bash, Mono C# Script and so on

## Download
[AnyTextFilterVSIX Latest Build - AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/lpubsppop01/anytextfiltervsix-2772p/artifacts/AnyTextFilterVSIX%2Fbin%2FRelease%2Flpubsppop01.AnyTextFilterVSIX.vsix)

## Requirements
- Visual Studio 2013-2017 to install and use
- Visual Studio 2017 to build

## Author
[lpubsppop01](https://github.com/lpubsppop01)

## License
[MIT License](https://github.com/lpubsppop01/AnyTextFilterVSIX/raw/master/LICENSE.txt)

This software uses the following softwares and images:
* [Diff.Match.Patch 2.0.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Diff.Match.Patch/)  
  Copyright (c) 2016- pocketberserker  
  Released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/pocketberserker/Diff.Match.Patch/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [FSharp.Core 4.0.0.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Core/)  
  (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  
  Released under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Markdig 0.10.7](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Markdig/)  
  Copyright (c) 2016, Alexandre Mutel  
  Released under the [BSD-Clause 2 license](https://github.com/lunet-io/markdig/blob/master/license.txt)
* [Modern UI Icons](http://modernuiicons.com/)  
  Created by Austin Andrews of Templarian.com.  
  Released under the [CC BY-ND 3.0](https://github.com/Templarian/WindowsIcons/blob/master/WindowsRT/license.txt)
